The warm sun cascaded down onto Zoe's face as she lay on a bed of long grass beneath the great chestnut tree that grew near her family home.  The grass was prickly against her legs but she didn't mind. She loved lying here basking in the sunlight, cool breeze wafting the sweet scent of flowers and pollen from far away.

The upper branches rustled above her occasionally allowing beams of light to pierce its leafy shade. A fly buzzed past her face. Lifting a hand waft it away a large branch overhead shifted creating a bright light behind her eyelids. Spreading out her fingers to block the fiery ball impossibly far away. 

The sun was still so bright against her face however. All she could see was the relentless bright light against her lids. But that didn't make any sense? Moving her hand once again to block the sun in front of her the golden ball vanish behind her fingers but to no avail.

 Opening her eyes in a flash, two hellishly red eyes blazed back down at her from upon high. A thundering voice vibrated through her bones "I..  See.. You!" 

Jolting awake Zoe sat bolt upright in her bedroll of animal furs. A blinding pain suddenly wracked her head as it crashed into the lower branches of the bushes she was camped beneath.

"Aieyah!" Zoe cried.
"What was it this time?" Sam asked forlornly.
"I was lying in the grass near where we grew up watching the sky, but there was 2 sun. They morphed into these 2 horrific eyes watching me. Then it this terrible voice crashed through my very being. That's never happened before" she added timidly.
"These night terrors are getting worse week by week" Sam sighed
"Do you think it means something?" He asked, sidling over to kneel by the entrance to the burrow.
"You could be seeing the future Zoe, a warning from the Gods themselves." Sam pondered seeming uneasy.
"I couldn't tell you Sam, but this time it felt more like a warning. As though something big is about to happen.
Flopping back down onto the furs Zoe stretched out like a cat and curled up into a ball.
"Don't be getting too comfy Sis, it's your turn to watch right about now." Sam yawned "I'm about to fall down where I stand in a minute.

As the long silence stretched out Sam's eyes feeling heavier by the minute he knew there was only one thing left to do. Skirting around the edge of the bushes until he was roughly where he thought the bottom of the the sleep roll must be. He stooped and lifted up the branches and shoved his arm inside until he could feel something soft.

Seizing hold as tight as he could he gave a mighty tug pulling the bed and Zoe right out of the bushes into the cool open air. In a flash the pile of furs at Sam feet burst open as Zoe sprang to her feet. Without a thought Sam let go of his stone tipped spear letting it clatter to the floor, he reached out with both hands to catch her wrists before she could land a strike. Giving them a gentle squeeze the 2 sharpened deer antlers dropped to the floor. 

Glaring up at him "You know, it's a mystery how we manage to avoid attracting the attention of every beast in the land with you around".
Letting go of her arms Sam crouched down by the bushes, "and its a wonder you're still alive". 
"hmph I can look after myself you know" Zoe shot back squatting down to run her hands over the dark ground searching for her weapons. 

Sam nudged his spear under the bushes and dropped to his knees, seizing the furs with one hand and rolling under the cover of the low hanging leaves. Finding her weapons Zoe sprang up to her feet, broad smile across her face, and gave her antlers a twirl in both hands before tucking them neatly into her leather belt.

Shuffling his body further out of sight Sam teased "I'm sure the next Yurk you come across will be so amazed by that performance he may let you live" Slipping completely out of sight now he covered himself with the furs and finally allowed his eyes to close.

"Ha freaking Ha" Zoe murmured under her breath. Taking a deep breath of the cool night air and letting out a long sigh to she felt herself relax standing there in the darkness.

She had known Sam as long as she could remember. Growing up they had always tested each other every chance they got. There was little place in the world for those who couldn't defend themselves. Many strange creatures roam the wilds of the forests that surrounded the Pods. All manor of creatures from big cats to giant birds of the sky stalked the land. No one ventured out alone and only the most capable would travel in a party of 2 or 3 people.

Looking around at the nearby trees she spotted one not far from the bushes that Sam was sleeping under. Bracing herself she ran at the tree, jumping to catch a thick branch she swung up onto it resting a leg over each side of the branch. "This was the perfect spot to remain hard to see from the ground and make sure nothing took an interest in Sam's sleeping body. Standing up on the branch she lent back against the thick trunk and peered out through the branches at the night sky.

She had never feared the dark. Even as a child before she left her family behind and ventured out on the traditional years of trial for those who came of age. She had always believed that there was little that could threaten her and Sam in open combat. Between her sharp mind, nimble hands, and Sam's tactical brawn the darkness before them held few true terrors.

The night always made her feel so free. Free to explore away from the eyes of other people, and most of the larger creatures slept at night anyway. Only stealthiest, most fearsome creatures stalked the land when the moon was up. Those were what she wanted to test her wits against. Only the smartest, only the strong survive.



Sam awoke to a pain in is side. 
"Up sleepy head, time to get moving"
"ugh you never could just prod me or something" Sam groaned rolling out from under the bushes into the blazing sunlight.
"Well if you didn't sleep like a rock maybe you'd get a nicer wake up call" Zoe quipped back at him. "Besides I let you get plenty of sleep, look the sun is already nearly at the treeline."

Sam sat up rubbing his eyes with his meaty knuckles . "Alright, time to get some miles in today. We aren't too far from the Trista's now"
"I don't know much about the Trista's, I think dad said they had a big forge or something.. " Zoe trailed off into silence carefully watching their surroundings.

"A big forge or something?!" Sam exclaimed "They only have the greatest cave system known to  

































































































































































































